What is this place?
It seems this castle fell into disrepair during
the revolution, abandoned and forgotten
because it's in a remote location.
I don't like when
those demons act like a lord.
Are you sure that the villagers
were taken there?
Yes.
We even tracked them into the keep
last night, but we found nothing.
They can't just disappear, you idiot.
You're so easily fooled.
My apologies.
And today,
another woman disappeared.
While we were on the lookout,
they took them right under our noses.
I don't expect anything from you guys.
Apparently, we're not too late.
That bastard!
I should have killed them last night.
Got you!
You guys, get back.
The Wind Hashira and I
will take it from here.
But...
You guys are in our way.
Just get the hell out of here.
Shinazugawa,
something strange's going on here.
Yeah, I don't like it.
I've never seen so many demons
swarming in one place.
Help me!
Wind Breathing, Second Form:
Claws-Purifying Wind!
Serpent Breathing, Fifth Form:
Slithering Serpent.
That was close.
I didn't ask for your help!
This strength...
They're not ordinary demon hunters.
They're Hashiras!
Help me!
Hey, demon!
Leave that woman and your head here!
They just keep appearing
one after another.
Are you demons or cockroaches?
There are still more?
Where the hell are those demons
coming from?
Save the woman, Shinazugawa.
I got your six.
Well, I'm getting bored, too.
I let you take care of them.
Serpent Breathing, Third Form:
Coil Choke.
Listen, you can't win even if
you gather small fries.
Just give up and die.
Wind Breathing,
Fourth Form:
Rising Dust Storm.
Good grief.
If you want her so badly...
No! What are you going to do?
Catch her!
What?
Stay there, shithead!
What the heck is going on?
Hey, Shinazugawa. What was that?
Where have the demons gone?
How the hell do I know?
You sure you want to get off
at the end of this road?
Miss Kanao!
Good work on completing your mission!
Good work!
Master, I have just returned.
That matter of the Swordsmith Village
was just like I told you the other day.
Tokito, Kanroji, Kamado, and the others
have defeated two Upper Ranks.
Moreover, Nezuko has overcome the sun.
Hence, there will be
major developments to come.
Yes.
Probably, Muzan Kibutsuji will use
his demons to take Nezuko away.
In order to own a demon that
overcomes the sun.
I will attend an urgent Hashira meeting
at the Ubuyashiki residence.
In the meantime,
can I ask you to protect Nezuko?
It's a request.
(Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba
Hashira Training Arc)
I see. They're moving their base.
Are the villagers all right?
I don't know that much
about the details.
The demons might attack at night,
so they're desperately
rebuilding and relocating.
Is that so?
It's miraculous how that was all it took
even though two Upper Ranks attacked.
The enemies were really strong.
The Corps created several "empty villages"
for such occasions.
So we're able to move quickly
if something happens.
I see.
Well, that's because the Master and
his family's predictions are incredible.
Anyway, you've been unconscious
for a week.
Is it okay to eat that much?
Yes! Kanroji said she also eats a lot.
Nah, she seems a bit beyond reason.
Delicious!
Is it true that Love and Mist
slept for two days and were almost
fully recovered by the third day?
It's true! I respect them!
You're getting closer to them, you know?
A bit by bit.
Well, it's fine if you get better soon.
Yes?
I'm glad everyone is alive.
Yes!
Oh, this is what I wanted to ask the most.
I heard your sister has become
something incredible.
Is she all right?
Yes, she is.
She's starting to toddle under the sun.
Isn't that bad?
Seriously, isn't that dangerous?
She's being examined,
but we still don't know anything.
We don't know if she returning back
into a human or evolving as a demon.
Is Lady Kocho looking into it?
Not her, but Lady Tamayo.
Who's Lady Tamayo?
Hey, see? You ate too much!
You should know that
you're still recovering.
That was close.
Your sister has become like that
and things are going to start happening.
Every Corps member has been given
an order to be on alert.
And we're told
the Hashiras are gathering.
What happens from now on, really?
We're the last ones, huh?
Sorry for keeping you waiting.
(Gyomei Himejima, the Stone Hashira)
No problem.
Well done on your mission.
(Gyomei Himejima, the Stone Hashira)
It's nothing.
I heard Kanroji and Tokito
had a fight against the Upper Ranks.
(Sanemi Shinazugawa, the Wind Hashira)
I heard Kanroji and Tokito
had a fight against the Upper Ranks.
Yup. They were strong.
(Sanemi Shinazugawa, the Wind Hashira)
(Mitsuri Kanroji, the Love Hashira)
Yup. They were strong.
I felt like I couldn't do it anymore,
but we all pulled together.
(Mitsuri Kanroji, the Love Hashira)
I felt like I couldn't do it anymore,
but we all pulled together.
Right, Muichiro?
(Muichiro Tokito, the Mist Hashira)
Yeah.
That makes me jealous.
Why haven't I ever encountered
any Upper Rank?
It's like, almost everyone
is running into them.
(Obanai Iguro, the Serpent Hashira)
It's like, almost everyone
is running into them.
Kanroji and Tokito,
how are you afterwards?
(Obanai Iguro, the Serpent Hashira)
Kanroji and Tokito,
how are you afterwards?
Oh! Thanks for asking.
I'm much better now.
Oh, my! He's worried about me!
I'm fine too, although I'm still
not in my best form.
If we lose any more Hashira,
the Corps will be in danger.
Defeating two Upper Ranks without
dying is a tremendous feat.
You two healed unusually fast this time.
(Shinobu Kocho, the Insect Hashira)
What happened?
I believe the Master will talk
about that matter too.
(Shinobu Kocho, the Insect Hashira)
I believe the Master will talk
about that matter too.
(Giyu Tomioka, the Water Hashira)
I believe the Master will talk
about that matter too.
(Giyu Tomioka, the Water Hashira)
Thank you for waiting so long.
At today's Hashira meeting,
I, Amane Ubuyashiki,
will represent Kagaya Ubuyashiki.
I would also like to apologize
sincerely for the fact that
Master Kagaya is no longer able to
appear before you in the future
due to his declining health.
Understood.
I pray that his flame of life continues
to burn even one day longer.
I also pray that your spirit
remains strong.
My sincere gratitude to all the Hashiras.
As you may have already heard,
now that a demon who can
withstand the sunlight appears,
Muzan Kibutsuji will change
his aim and come for her.
So that he can overcome the sun too.
A large-scale war is near.
During the fight against Upper Rank
Four and Five, Kanroji and Tokito...
I have received reports that you two
manifested a unique pattern of marks.
I would like you both to tell us about
what conditions caused marks to appear.
Marks?
During the Sengoku period,
there were swordsmen of the First Breathing
who almost defeated Muzan Kibutsuji.
All of them manifested marks
similar to a demon crest.
You may have heard such tales,
but the tales are true.
This is the first I've heard of it.
Why was it kept in the dark?
Many people have tormented themselves
over the marks that did not manifest.
That's why.
There are lack of clarity regarding
the legend of the marks.
It could be because it was not
considered important at the time.
Or perhaps, because the Demon Slayer Corps
has been nearly destroyed many times,
the information was not passed down.
Only one thing was left
written down clearly.
"When the marked one appears,
the mark will appear on others around
as well as if in resonance."
That was written down in the journal of
the swordsman of the First Breathing.
The first person in this generation
who did manifest the mark
was not a Hashira.
It was Tanjiro Kamado.
He was the first marked one.
It was like, gwaaah! And then, gaaah!
However, he did not seem to know
how the mark manifested,
It was like, gwaaah! And then, gaaah!
My stomach was like, groooar!
Like that!
However, he did not seem to know
how the mark manifested,
so we put it aside for the time being.
My stomach was like, groooar!
Like that!
And this time, following him,
two Hashiras have had this awakening.
Please teach us how to manifest it,
Kanroji and Tokito.
Oh! Sure!
Lady Amane is so admirable.
Uh, well, so, at that time was...
If I remember,
my body became very light.
Um... Um... And then... It was...
It was like, gwaaah!
And whooom! Then, gaaah!
My heart was ba-dump ba-dump nonstop!
My ears rang so loud!
Crack-crack-crack, like that!
My deepest apologies.
I would get into a hole if there was one.
(Share the same brain cell with Tanjiro)
Okay, it's my turn.
I wasn't aware of any mark
was manifested on me.
But when I think back to that battle,
there are a few unusual things
that come to mind.
If the conditions are met, probably
everyone could manifest the mark.
Now I'm going to tell you
how I've done it.
In that battle, I was poisoned
and couldn't move.
When I tried to slow down
my blood circulation
and the spread of the poison by
using the breathing technique,
I saw the boy who wanted to
save me was nearly killed,
my lost memories returned,
and then I couldn't control my emotions
because I was so angry.
I think my heart rate was
over two hundred per minute.
Even more, my body was burning hot.
My temperature must have reached
over thirty-nine degrees Celsius.
How could you move in such a state?
It could be life-threatening.
You're right.
That's why, it was like being sifted.
I think the difference between those who
manifest the mark and those who don't
is whether you die or not.
A heart rate over
two hundred per minute...
How can you be sure your temperature
was thirty-nine degrees?
Well, I had a fever when
I was being treated at Kocho's place.
The thermometer showed my body
temperature was thirty-nine degrees.
I felt it was the same heat
when the mark manifested.
I didn't realize.
So, it's really that simple.
I envy you for being a simpleton
to call that is simple.
What did you say?
Nothing.
That means we Hashiras
must manifest the mark.
Agreed.
We will do something about it.
Please tell the Master to rest assured.
Thank you.
There is one thing I must tell you
regarding the training to
manifest the mark.
What is it?
Those who have manifested the mark
will have no choice anymore.
Because they, without exception, will—
I understand now.
But in that case,
what would happen to me?
Good Lord.
Since Lady Amane has left,
I have nothing to do here.
Hey, hold on! Don't just leave!
We have to decide what
each of us going to do.
The six of you can talk yourselves.
It has nothing to do with me.
What do you mean by that?
You're not aware enough
that you're a Hashira.
Or what? So you can start
your training as soon as possible?
You want to skip the meeting?
Wait, you bastard!
Explain yourself, Tomioka.
You didn't explain enough.
I'm different from you all.
I don't like it.
You said the same thing before,
Tomioka.
Are you looking down on us?
Please, don't fight! Stay calm, okay?
Come back here!
Ah! No, no! Please, don't!
Sit down.
Let's continue our discussion.
I have a proposal.
Here ya go.
Wow! Thank you very much!
You really eat a lot.
Anyway, where are those three girls
and your sister?
I don't see Aoi either.
There's no member in critical condition,
so they've been playing with Nezuko.
Thanks to them,
she's learning to speak bit by bit.
Oh, I see.
How peaceful.
These dangos are delicious.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
But wouldn't it be a problem
if that Yellow-Head showed up?
Oh, Zenitsu.
Are you done with your mission?
I'm back, Kiyo.
Everyone, Zenitsu is back!
Good work on completing
your mission, Zenitsu.
Good work!
Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi.
You three gathered to welcome me?
This time was really tough too.
I thought, "I was gonna die!"
over and over.
But everyone would be sad if I died,
so I did my best!
I knew it, you'd be lonely
without me, right?
No, we wouldn't.
What?!
But I'm glad you made it back alive.
Uh, thanks.
Oh, Zenitsu. You have returned.
Good work.
Aoi!
Aoi, you must have missed me.
Right? I bet you've been lonely.
Not really.
Wel... Welcome back.
So loud!
She's so cute I could die!
Sure, feel free to die!
What happened, Nezuko?
You're talking!
For me? Must be for me, right?
You did great just for me.
I'm very happy!
Please go somewhere else!
Finally, we can get married!
Get away from her!
You looked so lovely
under the moonlight,
but you're also irresistible
in the sunlight!
You're wonderful!
If you marry me, I'll feed you
sushi and eel every day!
You can rest assured
and let's make a family!
Welcome back, Inosuke.
I... nosuke?
Inosuke, welcome back.
Where is he?
I'm gonna go and kill him.
Don't say violent things!
And where that Boar-Head?
If you're looking for Inosuke...
Huh? He was there this morning?
Your sister was being taught nonstop
by that Boar-Head, you know?
Being taught what?
Well, about that...
Inosuke! Inosuke! Inosuke! Inosuke!
Imosuke. Imofuke.
Boss Inosuke!
Bush Imosuke.
Inosuke! Inosuke! Inosuke! Inosuke!
He had been trying to get her
to remember his name.
Oh, I didn't know that happened.
By the way, do you have
any more of these dangos?
You still want more?!
Haganezuka!
Are your injuries okay now?
I'm glad.
You don't look okay!
Oh, my sword. Thank you.
It's Rengoku's sword guard!
Thank you for protecting Kotetsu.
Please have a seat.
Are you all right?
Blah... Bl... Bla...
Do you mean the blade?
Okay, I'll look at it.
Amazing.
The depth of the black color
is different.
The steel is of good quality.
Its previous owner must have been
a very strong swordsman.
The "slay" letter?
The swordsmith who forged it had one goal,
it's a sword to slay all demons.
He didn't engrave his name or anything
but just a single letter.
The ranking system began
after this sword was made,
and only the Hashiras' swords were
engraved with "Slay the Devils".
Is that so?
What an incredible sword.
But wait, I think there wasn't any letter
when I used this in the last battle.
That's because I had only
sharpened it up to the first stage.
And you guys took it from me.
I hadn't cleaned the rust off.
Do you want me to kill you?
I'm sorry!
Even now! I'm still crying because
the pain of my wounds hasn't gone!
It's so hurt it's unbearable!
Thanks to the interruption
while I was sharpening it!
I had to start sharpening all over again!
If we're talking about wounds,
his wounds were more serious.
The bones all through his body
are broken.
I'll kill you!
You didn't hear me?
Listen, Tanjiro!
You will bring me mitarashi dango
until you die!
You understand?! Got it?!
Yes, I will.
Thank you very much and get well soon.
I've heard rumors about him,
but he's truly something.
Actually, he was calmer than usual.
He must really be in pain.
Seriously?
Can you be quieter, man?
Oh, sorry, Genya.
We're done.
Sorry for being so loud—
Inosuke! What are you doing?!
You broke the window!
You fool!
You're gonna get killed by Lady Kocho!
Be quiet!
Boar Rush!
I want a separate room.
Strength! Strength! More strength!
The joint strengthening drill
is about to begin!
Joint strengthening?
The strong guys are gathering
and giving lessons...
Or something like that.
Huh? What's that about?
Dunno!
I see.
I think we've pretty much worked out
our training plan for the Corps members.
Now left are the date and how long.
Let's start in three days.
Can we do it that early?
We're racing against time.
Now that we don't know what
Muzan Kibutsuji will do in the future,
I want us to prepare everything we can.
If the demons become
more active hereafter,
we alone won't be
able to handle them.
But, wouldn't the demons attack
while we're holding the training?
It's assumed that the demons will
focus on capturing Nezuko Kamado.
In fact, since the incident
in the Swordsmith Village,
the appearance of the demons
has decreased significantly.
If that is the case...
Until now, we can hardly train others
than our Tsuguko due to our schedules.
In this short period of time,
We shall use this opportunity
to strengthen the entire Corps.
This is important and urgent.
Yes, it's important,
thus I proposed the "Hashira Training".
Himejima, no need to be wordy.
I concur.
No objection.
Me too.
I also agree.
Are the active Hashiras now
enough to hold the training?
I'm thinking of asking
the retired Hashiras to help us.
Any objections?
Of course, no.
The only thing left is...
Tomioka.
I just got back from a mission,
and now I have to take the training.
I can't stand it.
Are you going now?
Yeah, right. We have to take
the Hashira Training in turns.
Huh? Really? Isn't that great?
It's not great at all. Horrible.
It's hell.
Whoever proposed this
should die already.
Hey!
Sparring with superiors
is a shortcut to improving.
When you face someone stronger,
you absorb it and get stronger yourself.
If you're being so optimistic,
then we're no longer friends from today!
Ouch! Ouch! It hurts!
It's okay for you!
Your bone fracture hasn't healed yet!
You can just go back to sleep
and get warm!
For me? I have to go to train now!
Do you know how I feel?!
I'm sorry!
Zenitsu.
Don't talk to me!
Wait a minute.
I forgot to say thank you.
When I was fighting Upper Rank Four
and almost couldn't move one of my legs,
Thanks to the Thunder Breathing
trick you taught me,
I was able to cut the demon's head.
Of course,
I couldn't do it as fast as you.
Thank you so much.
Sometimes connections with others
can help us get through tight spots.
I'm sure that everything we learn in the
Hashira Training will lead to a better future.
You fool! Don't think
that's going to fix my mood!
Oh, he looks happy. That's good.
See you later, Tanjiro. Get well soon.
Oh jeez, everyone's really helpless
without me.
I'm really thankful, Zenitsu.
So slow! So slow! So slow!
You're all slow!
What the hell are you doing?
You guys are really unbelievable!
First of all,
your basic fitness is non-existent!
This is just simply running!
Faster! Move as if the demons
are chasing you!
Hey, hey, I can't hear your voices!
No need to lick the ground!
Now isn't break time yet!
Run one more lap!
Please, no more.
You guys are total losers.
The training of the active Hashiras
after this will be even harder.
As I expected, Sir Tengen is
more lively when he's on duty.
Well, of course.
And we must do our best to help him.
Since everyone's hungry,
let's make lots, lots of onigiris!
Yeah.
Sir Tengen, lunch is ready!
Thanks!
Hey! Your meals are ready!
I can't.
I don't feel like eating.
You guys are sloppy, really.
Sir Tengen.
Please, don't be so mad at them.
I'd love to, but if I send them to
the next Hashira like this,
I'll be the one to blame.
Here, Sir Tengen.
Thanks.
It's miso soup with lots of salt.
This is nothing to their training.
Believe me.
You're in charge of
basic fitness workouts, correct?
What kind of training do they take
after this?
After my training...
First, Tokito's high-speed
movement training.
He'd do harsh things,
even with his poker face.
Next, you'll be greeted by
Kanroji's hellish flexibility training.
Next comes Iguro's training.
Improving swordsmanship.
I tell you,
the Serpent Hashira is stubborn.
Next, Shinazugawa's training.
I heard it's endless striking training,
but I'm sure as the name implies,
it'll be no end.
The last one is Himejima's
muscle strengthening.
You have to throw away
your humanity for this one.
The Hashiras are also expected to
improve their strength as they have to deal
with the Corps members, one after another.
Isn't that flamboyant?
I wish I had the chance to train
with everything I got as well.
I'll leave it to you, everyone.
This ain't gonna raise my temperature.
You guys are too weak!
Good, keep it up.
Try it a bit wider!
You never know where
the enemy will attack.
Feel it!
With all these openings, you would have
been eaten by demons three times.
In order to maintain mark condition...
Your side is open.
Do your best, everyone.
We're doing this to slay all the demons.
For the Master's sake.
For the Corps members who
have died so far.
For the people who are still alive.
We have to get through this.
Hang in there.
What's the matter?
I'm bleeding!
What are you doing so suddenly?
That's mean!
Hurry, hurry.
It's a letter from the Master.
Read it at once.
A letter for me?
I wonder what it is.
Tomioka doesn't participate
in the Hashira Training?
Master Kagaya,
the Hashiras have begun to train
the Corps members for the upcoming battle.
Your children are carrying your will
and connecting with your feelings.
They are willing to do it for the long-held
ambition of defeating Muzan Kibutsuji.
Amane.
Yes?
Thank you so much for everything
you have done.
It's my pleasure.
Good evening, Tamayo.
It is dangerous to leave
a window open at night.
But still, the moon is beautiful tonight.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
I am the messenger of Kagaya Ubuyashiki.
I admit. You are very good at hiding.
While I was trying to find you,
Ubuyashiki can no longer move.
How did you find this place?
The human network.
I have identified the previous owner of
this house you bought.
And during the day,
I grasp how Yushiro's vision works.
Even though I am trained,
I am just a crow.
No one is wary of me to begin with.
I have no intention of harming you two,
so rest assured.
Then, what do you want?
You are suspicious of me.
It is understandable.
As expected, it is difficult for me
to gain your trust as Tanjiro did.
What are his intentions?
Is Ubuyashiki trying to deceive me?
Where is Yushiro?
There is no need to worry about Yushiro.
Listen, you can hear
his footsteps running.
Now...
I shall tell you my business.
In the Demon Slayer Corps,
there is also a kid who is knowledgeable
about demon body and pharmacology.
We would like you to look into Nezuko's
transformation together with her.
In order to defeat Muzan Kibutsuji,
would you work with us?
We invite you to the Ubuyashiki residence.
I, a demon, am invited to the
Demon Slayer Corps headquarters?
(Episode 1
In Order to Defeat Muzan Kibutsuji)
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The reason why it sounded like an excuse
A weakness that draws in a fleeting future
You mistake it for strength
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
The heart that is so bleak
So dark, so dark
That it almost hides the moon
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
For every Hashira Training Arc episode,
I'd like to present every Hashira's
Taisho period secret.
Inosuke!
Can you explain what happened
with these broken glasses?
But you know...
Naughty!
Always being positive is
a good part of you,
but there are some things
you shouldn't do.
Let me see your arm.
I'll treat your wound.
Don't ever do that again, understand?
Shinobu is sure strict,
but she's a very considerate person.
Even at the last Hashira meeting...
Oh my oh my oh my...
Kanroji.
Thank you!
You're welcome.
That's all for this Taisho period secret.
Next up on Episode 2:
"The Sorrows of the Water Hashira,
Giyu Tomioka"
(To be continued)